RHIDP-6410 - added steps  to Azure authentication procedures (#1168)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/authentication/proc-provisioning-users-from-rhbk-to-the-software-catalog.adoc

* You xref:enabling-authentication-with-rhbk[enabled authentication with {rhbk}].

.Procedure
. link:{installing-and-viewing-plugins-book-url}[Enable the `backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-keycloak-dynamic` plugin].
+
.`dynamic-plugins.yaml` file fragment

> ----

Author: ```suggestion
[code,yaml]
----
```

* You xref:enabling-authentication-with-rhbk[enabled authentication with {rhbk}].

.Procedure
. link:{installing-and-viewing-plugins-book-url}[Enable the `backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-keycloak-dynamic` plugin].
+
.`dynamic-plugins.yaml` file fragment
[code,yaml]
----
plugins:
  - package: './dynamic-plugins/dist/backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-keycloak-dynamic'
    disabled: false
----

> . To enable {rhbk} member discovery, edit your custom {product-short} ConfigMap, such as `app-config-rhdh`, and add the following lines to the `{my-app-config-file}` content:

Author: ```suggestion
. To enable {rhbk} member discovery, edit `{my-app-config-file}`, your custom {product-short} configuration file:
```

.Procedure

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
